Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(FANFARE PLAYS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(UP-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS)
(MOANING)
MAN: - Unbelievable.
I can't hold it much longer.
(GASPING)
MAN: You've almost got the record.
Come on, 20 more seconds.
Hold on tight...
I think I'm about to pass out!
- I can't!
(MAN LAUGHS)
Oh! (GASPS, GIGGLES)
Oh! Oh...
Mmm! Oh, my God!
This is so good!
I put a little Cointreau in.
That's the secret.
Mm... I have to go in a minute.
Do you want a dance?
- Yeah.
(GIGGLES)
(ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES)
(RAISES VOLUME)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYS FAINTLY)
You're a fucking hot one, ain't ya?
Oh, I'm OK.
Check us out.
Can you... put that away?
You're scaring me.
Well, you should be scared.
It's a healthy reaction
to a big-ass gun like this.
Yeah.
OK. (NERVOUS CHUCKLE)
I'm going to go now.
Our time's up.
I guess you've got to go.
OK.
MAN: I enjoy your company!
- I hope you come back!
- Get me out of here.
OK, Otis, we're going.
We are going, right now.
Come on, honey.
- Hi, Dad.
- Beth! Bethanana...
- Hey.
- Hello.
OK, what's up?
I need to do something else.
What's wrong with the pet sitting?
I never knew anyone
who could make so much off that.
Yeah, the money's good,
but the pets are not
always that nice.
I'm burned out.
Take it from me, now is not the time
to put down a good job.
You still haven't found anything?
No, nobody's buying cars.
Hell, they're barely making them.
Well, it's more than just my job.
I need, like, a big change.
I have to, I don't know...
I want stimulation.
And I want good money.
And I want a change of scenery
that's interesting.
OK... OK, let me think
if I know anybody over at the mall.
Yeah, that's not going to do it.
I want to move to Las Vegas
and be a cocktail waitress.
Beth Anne...
- ...goddamn, that is a great idea!
(LAUGHING)
Wow! Yeah, oh...
Caesars Palace.
- That's where you got to get in!
- Caesars would be amazing!
- Oh!
(LAUGHS)
(UP-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS)
- I think the hot plate works.
- I'll take it.
(SLOT MACHINE MUSIC PLAYS)
Go! Go...
Oh, so close.
Go! Yes... Oh! Oh.
Please... Go on!
Hey. I advise you
to stop playing this thing.
Why? Am I in trouble
or something?
No, no. It's just...
You seem like a nice girl,
- and flip is for retards.
- Oh... OK.
- Thank you.
- No problem. Have a nice evening.
Hey, wait.
Do you know where I could find
a job as a cocktail waitress?
You pretty much
have to grab the tray
at the exact second one
of these golden girls kicks the bucket.
This is a union town.
Take it easy.
Huh.
(WOMAN LAUGHS)
(POP MUSIC PLAYS)
Why don't you strip?
It's good money.
Yeah, I don't think
I want to do that.
You've done it before, right?
Why do you say that?
- 'Cause it's kind of obvious.
- It is? Really?
(SCOFFS)
- Just to us girls in the club.
Ugh!
I just want to do something
exciting and different.
- I came here to...
- Yeah, change everything.
Hey, Holly, what about Dink?
- What's Dink?
- Doesn't he need anybody?
Well, that's kind of...
You know, I kind of
need to know someone
before I send them to Dink.
It requires a great deal
of trustworthiness.
Oh, my God, you guys...
I am super trustworthy.
All right.
- Hi.
- Hi. Are you Dink?
I am Dink, yes.
You must be Beth. Come in.
So, how much do you know
about gambling?
Uh... I played some Flip-lt
the other night...
How'd you do?
I was told it was for retards,
but I got really into it.
How am I gonna trust you
with my money?
You're going to rob me
and go play Flip-lt all night?
No, I'm not.
Come on, I need this Louisiana game
to stay under...
- Not for a little.
- So, you're a bookie.
Absolutely not.
Bookmaking's illegal.
I'm a gambler.
Everything I do here is completely
legal in the state of Nevada.
So, do you play poker or blackjack?
Some poker... blackjack,
not really gambling.
It's just no skill, no odds.
Just a racket for the casinos
to make money.
My dad played a lot of blackjack.
Sorry to hear that.
Ah, this San Francisco line
is way too high.
Here, look at something.
You see that little patch
of yellow skin right there?
- Nope.
- Well, maybe not in this light.
Anyway, I make my lines.
Then I compare them to the books.
- To the books?
- Sports books.
A sports book is where you go
to make a bet on a sporting game.
You can do that here in Vegas,
or you can do it online overseas,
but I gotta do it here.
So, I gotta send guys that run
and take the money down there
and make the bets for me.
Maybe that's something you could do
if you come down here to work.
I can't believe you can't see
this little yellow mark.
So, I specialize in horse racing,
hockey and baseball,
but we bet on all sports here.
- Can I?
- NFL, NBA, the PGA,
NCAA Football, NCAA Basketball,
tennis, the WNBA,
Little League World Series,
the National
Spelling Bee Competition,
the Miss America
Beauty Pageant,
the... Coney Island
Hot Dog Eating Contest.
Pretty much anything,
on which odds can be made.
That is a lot of stuff.
Yes, but all I have to do
is make 55 percent,
and I am very, very happy.
(MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
- It's about time!
- You're both late.
- Construction!
- Hi...
- Beth, say hi to Frankie and Scott.
Hey, do not fall in love with me.
- OK.
DINK: - Don't believe a word he says.
Frankie is a much better person
than he seems.
Scott, on the other hand,
is the sensible one.
If you ever need me
for something and I'm busy...
I'm going to bet this seven horse.
First time starter.
Could be a total zero.
- New York's moving big time.
- Call Jazz.
I wish you guys weren't late.
- One-six-four Ivy sixth race.
- Let's say for three dimes.
- That's three-eight-six...
- Minus the o-nine for a dime.
DINK: Yep, one nickel
heads up on the nose.
- What have you got on New York?
- One-six-four Ivy.
(PHONE RINGS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
OK, here's what just happened
in New York.
They're moving their line,
so now we're trying to move
our lines accordingly
to adjust for a couple of outs
that haven't moved their lines yet.
- You understand?
- Uh-uh.
The rules at Dink Inc.
are responsibility to
come on time is job number one.
Number two, keep your head
around the numbers.
You've got to learn the numbers.
Very important to get
the numbers down, OK?
Rule number three,
do not steal.
Most people fail at one of those.
- Is that a guinea pig?
- That is my hamster, Jyrki.
I named him Jyrki Lumme
after the defenseman
from Vancouver Canucks.
BETH: - Aw...
DINK: - And that is my wife, Tulip.
She's on a cruise
in the Bahamas right now.
Dinky, Dinky. This nag you bet on
is coming up fast! Dink!
DINK: - Go, go, go...
SCOTT: - Wow, wow, wow...
Come on! Come on, Slippery!
- Come on.
(MEN SHOUTING)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING, LAUGHING)
- Who is a genius?
- You won!
You're a genius!
- Genius.
Just like that. Wow.
I have to pay attention to this now.
Uh... Meet me at the
sports book at the Rio.
Eight a.m. sharp, OK?
Do you need some money?
- No.
- Everybody needs money.
Take it. OK? Bye.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, take it easy.
You're lucky
if Dinky hires you.
He's a good guy to work for.
He buys his crew
breakfast and lunch.
And how does a girl like you
get along with Dinky's wife?
I haven't met her yet.
- Is that right?
MAN: - Hey, Dinky!
There she is! I thought
I scared you off yesterday.
Hey, I know you.
It's the Flip-lt girl.
Oh, no. You're not
still playing Flip-lt?
No.
Just do me a favor,
go into the counter...
Belmont, race two.
50 dollars quinella
on the five and seven.
- And keep this for yourself.
- Oh, no, I'll do it for free.
- I need to learn.
ALL: - Take the money.
He's on a roll. You're struggling.
Take the money.
Come on, I'll walk you up there.
So...
...when someone gives you
their money,
it's a... sign of trust.
You understand that, don't you?
Yeah, I understand.
Belmont, race two.
Fifty dollar quinella
for the five and the seven.
What?
I'm good with numbers.
Hmm...
(SLOW-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS)
DINK: - All these sports,
hockey, racing, football,
basketball, whatever.
Over there on the board are the lines
the casino is offering. The odds.
You can bet on anything.
Who wins, who wins by how much.
The team with the best finish.
Anything.
Look, see?
Someone's laying a lot of money,
so the casino's changing the odds.
I make my money by working out
where they're wrong.
BETH: God, that was so exciting!
And the money!
You won so much money!
I had a bad day yesterday.
The money's not that important.
Oh, well, that's what people
with money love to say.
You are good with numbers.
Yeah, I'm pretty good
with letters, too.
- What?
- Say a word.
- Lose.
- No, a long one.
Louisiana.
Double A, double I,
L, N, O with U.
I don't get it.
It's the letters of Louisiana
put in alphabetical order.
- I know, it's weird, right?
- Do it again.
Well, give me a word.
- Suicide.
(CHUCKLES)
- C, D, E, double I, S, U.
That was amazing.
BETH: So, after Ohio, I moved back
to Florida again, where my dad lives.
And I got a job
in a Thai restaurant,
but when I broke up with their son,
they fired me.
(SIGHS) OK.
- OK.
What?
OK, so after I got fired,
I had to find another job.
And I found one in the paper.
And, it was, uh...
...private dancing.
You know, going to clients' houses
and stripping.
- Basically.
- OK.
And then, also, I had
a pornographic Web site,
which was pictures of me naked,
Photoshopped to look like I was
giving oral sex to my twin and stuff.
Eventually, a few other girls
joined it, too.
Nobody knows about that.
Nobody.
You're a ganef.
A ganef. Yiddish for a
small-time, loveable thief.
You'll do very well
in this business.
Well, you don't think it's something
I should be ashamed of?
No, no. You're a kid.
You're just doing kid things.
I mean, it's dangerous.
Not that happy about that.
If my parents ever found out,
they would feel like
they have no idea who I really am.
(SIGHS)
I freebased a couple of times.
I never told my mom.
I was a bookie,
back in New York.
Harmless, but illegal.
As it turns out, I took some bets
from this guy in Detroit.
I never met him.
Turns out he's a mob guy.
When they bust him,
they go through his phone records.
- They end up busting me.
- Did you go to jail?
No, a felony conviction,
but I was only in a halfway house.
But my mom was devastated.
At least she never thought
she had no idea who I am.
(CHUCKLES)
- OK?
- OK.
- OK, then.
- Oh, OK. Bye.
OK, bye.
All right, see you in the morning.
- Don't be late.
- Wait! Are you hiring me?
- Still want the job?
- Yes! I want the job.
Then, yes, I'm hiring you.
Hours are from eight to five,
you get four hours
off for lunch, ten to two,
Monday through Saturday.
Sundays we go all day, eight to four.
You get paid 20 dollars an hour.
- Really?
- Bonuses, vacations.
- Yes. And three meals.
- Really?
Oh, my God.
Yes, really.
- Bye.
- Whoo!
(LAUGHING)
FRANKIE: - OK.
SCOTT: - I'll call you back in ten.
Oh, shit! Shit's popping off!
Let's get ready to mumble!
- OK, there's my Minnesota, minus six.
- Got it.
Are you ready for this, sweet thing?
- No, I don't get it.
- You don't get what?
This! All of it!
How to do it. You should fire me.
DINK: - No.
- Dink, let me fire her.
I'm not going to fire you, OK?
I've just been talking to you too much
and you're mired in theory.
OK, here's what we're gonna do.
You are gonna make this bet.
This is your phone,
pick it up. OK?
- We're gonna call...
- Try Top of the World, they're slow.
That's your speed dial
for Top of the World.
You're going to call them.
It's a sports book in Costa Rica,
all right?
Ask about Minnesota game,
two-two-four.
You lay the minus six
for two dimes.
OK, hi.
Six, four, six, double D.
Game two-two-four, Minnesota.
OK, I'll take the six with Minnesota.
- No, no, don't...
- What? What?
Don't say "take." You're doing great.
You're doing great, OK?
Minnesota is the favorite.
You don't "take" the favorite,
you "lay" the favorite.
OK, so we're going to lay
for two dimes.
Hi. Actually, can I lay
the six for two dimes?
Uh-huh.
Six, four, six, double D.
OK, OK.
Watch, now watch this.
Wait... Wait...
(DINGING)
DINK: - You see that? Wait for it.
- And, boom.
- What?
- You just changed that line.
- I did?
Our $2000 bet
just moved those odds.
And that's what we did, OK?
You just made your first bet.
- For $2,000?
- $2,000.
Whoo!
The way the numbers
keep changing on the screen.
You just make it
into what you want it to be.
I don't know, it's the first place
that's ever made any sense
of how my brain works.
Well, next thing you know
he'll be taking you to Magic's
for game day.
We're going there on Sunday.
He asked the guys.
They couldn't come.
- Hey, you're not...
- What?
Are you?
God, no.
Mm-hm. All right.
'Cause I wouldn't if I were you.
If you last long enough to meet Tulip,
you'll know what I mean.
Well, I'm not. The thought
never entered my mind.
Mm-hm.
MAN ON TV: Dominic kicks. It's up...
MAN: Come on. Come on!
DINK: - Hey.
ALL: - Hey, Dinky!
Everybody, meet Beth.
Dink Inc's newest employee
and Flip-lt aficionado.
Beth, say hi to everybody.
Hi.
I don't think your friends like me.
DINK: They like you.
WHISPERS: They like you.
They can just barely tolerate women.
I forgot about that.
I got too much on the under.
Anybody want a piece of this?
- I'll take two dimes.
- Done.
How the fuck you got two dimes
to bet on the game
when you ain't paid me back
the money from Saratoga,
- you fat fuck?
(MUMBLES)
- Dinky! I'm back!
DINK: - Uh-oh.
Who is that?
Rosie, the bookmaker
from New York.
I thought that was illegal.
It is. Last year,
he went on a big broke.
I mean, l-can't-believe-
he'd-show-his-face-here broke.
- He still owes me 70 grand.
BETH: - Aren't you mad at him?
DINK: No, it's not that kind of thing.
Oh.
I believe this is yours.
Me handing over to you,
now that is a switch.
Are you trying to tell me
I didn't beat you on Charlotte?
- Fair and square, Dink.
- Fair and square.
Wow. Can you put this in your bag?
I just don't have enough room
in my pockets for all that money.
Dinky...
Did you know this man
is one of my heroes?
When I was 16 I wanted to be Dink
when I grew up.
A real classic Dink was...
What the fuck is that?
Is that a fucking ticker?
Holy shit!
They still have that service?
What, is there a fucking mouse
on a treadmill inside that thing?
It gives you the latest scores
from when, 1997?
- It still works for me.
(ALL SHOUTING)
(MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ON TV)
I just won $114,000!
Oh, fuck you, Rosie.
Dinky, I had to change
my phone number.
This is my recent contact info.
My name is Troy Roseland,
you get to call me Rosie.
- Hi, I'm Beth.
- She works for me.
It's great seeing you, Dink.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Oh, hi...
I'm Beth.
- You're Beth?
- Mm-hm.
Oh...
Did you have a nice time
on your boating trip?
Yes, yes. Beautiful.
Beautiful.
- So, who have you worked for?
- Oh, you mean where have I...
Have you ever worked
for a gambler?
No, no... but I'm loving
working for your husband.
He's so great, honest, wonderful.
Wonderful boss.
So, who have you called so far
for rundowns?
That is the first thing you do
when you get to the office.
(EXHALES)
- Uh, minus two?
- There's nothing for me.
I know. Knox's line was better.
I'll call him back.
Forget it. We missed it.
We're already on the other side.
Can you do ten, 19, Dink Inc?
Can I get a rundown?
Down 50 grand today.
What's the first half total
on Morehead? Seventeen?
OK. Let me go under the 17,
minus the 12 for two dimes.
- No, for two dimes. Yeah.
- You! Park it!
No more scores.
And that goes for you, too!
You stay put! I mean, both of youse
just stay put, you hear me?
(PHONE RINGS)
WHISPERS: Oh, no...
(INDISTINCT CHATTER ON TV)
- No!
Oh, touchdown, Dinky.
Twenty-nine seconds.
Perfect!
- Tulip! You're a jinx!
- No, I'm not.
Either you're a jinx,
or God hates me.
- You tell me which one it is.
(UP-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS)
Would you turn that thing off?
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
I'm gonna go broke this winter.
We're gonna have to sell a house.
- You say that every winter.
DINK: - Yeah, this year I know.
We are gonna go broke.
And it's gonna sneak up on us
quietly, very quietly!
You know what?
I didn't come here for this.
I'm going to fit in some Pilates
before golf.
I didn't come here for this.
(CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
I know something
that'll make you feel better.
- A bullet?
- No.
Chinese poker.
I haven't been doing
very good lately.
Oh, come on. You're just
having a little moment.
A slump. It's called a slump,
and it's not getting any better.
And it doesn't help
to have a wife who's a jinx.
I deal with it as best I can.
DINK: Oh, this is good, this is good.
We need this field goal.
Oh! (LAUGHS)
Hughes did very good in the first half.
Sit right here.
Oh, I did very well just now.
(LAUGHS) So, why didn't you go
into the stock market or something?
It seems like the same thing.
Stock market's a racket,
and I'd rather bet
on professional wrestling.
(LAUGHS)
So, why don't you have
your own sports book somewhere?
The operators in Costa Rica sound
so nice and happy on the phone.
I bet it's beautiful down there.
I went down to San Jose one time.
It's not what you think of
when you think of Costa Rica.
Very grim, very sad.
But you'd make so much money
from your own book.
Sure, yeah, but then
I'd have to live in San Jose.
You know, I could be
a lot richer in general
if I'd made most of my decisions
based on money.
My hugest defect.
No! No! That's what
makes you so... great.
I'm not so great.
- You what now?
- It was just hands!
With Dink?
Are you out of your mind?
God, I'm sorry I ever told you.
That's what you're sorry for?
Do you think I should
confess my love
and see if he'll leave Tulip
and run away with me?
Do you have some kind of
fucked up thing with your dad?
No! God, my dad
was my best friend.
We did everything together.
Can you do me a favor?
Can you make sure Tulip
never finds out
it was me who
brought you around?
(GROANS)
MAN ON TV: ...trying to move his hands,
and Berto tags him with a left.
- Yes! Go!
DINK: - Go, Berto!
Can't believe
you picked this Berto fight.
Oh, come on!
He is a stallion.
How could anyone lay odds on him
being out by the fifth round?
Plus, he trains around the corner
from my motel.
(BOTH LAUGH)
You could be my new
downtown sports consultant.
- Sure, if you want me to.
(PHONE RINGS)
Hi.
You have no fucking reason
to be out so late with her!
Tulip, every night
you go to bed at nine o'clock.
Now, just because
I have a new friend,
you're going to call me up
and tell me what I can and...
You're making yourself crazy!
Come on, you're missing
the best part. Hang up on her.
Did I just hear that little cunt?!
Tulip, you're forcing yourself...
Fuck you, Dink!
I have to go home now.
She's losing her mind.
Just don't tell me
who wins this fight, OK?
No, come on. No, no, no. Come on.
Stay for one more round.
One more round.
She'll live.
Plus, I'm making you money.
SCOTT: It's two-oh-one.
I want the exacta box for a nickel.
Right. Yeah, yeah.
I owe this guy Leon,
down in Costa Rica, 80 grand.
You're going to take this over to a guy
named Rudy at the Paris.
Take this to him,
and I'll be even with Leon.
It's 80 grand. Count it.
SCOTT: And then race 14...
No, no, make Frankie do the run.
We need Beth on the phones.
Oh, what? Now Beth's better than me
on the phones?
Well, you said that, not me.
Now go fuck yourself, OK?
I never liked you.
(BETH LAUGHS)
It's OK, Dink.
I'll make the run.
Oh, for God's sake.
Stop sniffing money.
Jesus, I can't take this.
(SCOTT)...across the board,
three horse for a nickel.
I'm gonna go work out
a little later,
and then I'm going to go home
and get a massage.
After you make this drop, you wanna
meet me over at Caesars parking lot?
Go get something to eat?
Uh-huh. Sure.
(CAR DINGING)
I love you.
Oh... So what?
Never stopped anybody.
We had a deal.
I can't believe I have to say this.
All I was supposed to do
is take care of you.
And you take care of me.
That's why I picked you.
That was our deal.
I can't believe
you made me say this.
Look at this! Spring training
in lovely Scottsdale, Arizona.
Let's go! (LAUGHS)
DINK: - Beth.
- Mm-hm?
I have to fire you.
(LAUGHS)
No crying.
This has been fun,
but it's just not good.
It's just not good. Tulip says
that you're coming between us.
And she's right.
So, do yourself a favor
and just take the money...
(SOBBING) Why don't you
do yourself a favor
and get rid of your
miserable fucking wife?
OK, out of the car.
You are so fun.
You love to have fun.
You do!
And you're wonderful.
And she doesn't
want you to have fun.
- That's not true.
(SOBBING)
Look, come on.
Just stop crying.
Get out.
Get out of the car.
- OK!
- I'm a married man.
Why are you so afraid
of losing her?
She's not afraid of losing you.
Beth...
It doesn't always help when someone
thinks you're the greatest,
and you don't think
you're the greatest.
- Bye, Beth.
(ENGINE STARTS)
DINK: Watch your toes.
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYS)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
WOMAN: Beth.
Come on, open up.
(MUSIC CONTINUES ON HEADPHONES)
BETH: Anyway, to hell with Dink.
- Fuck him.
HOLLY: - Fuck him!
I mean, when you're in love
with somebody
you overlook certain things,
but there would've been
a lot to overlook with Dink.
I mean, Tulip definitely
earns her money.
You don't clip nose hair for money.
You clip nose hair for love.
Tulip loves him, girl.
- You want to hit the head?
- No, I'll wait here.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know
that this game is for retards.
MAN: Really?
Yeah, it always looks
like it's just about to fall,
but it never does.
That's the hook.
Huh. It's so well-designed.
Yeah.
OK.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Back on the horse?
Go, Beth.
No, I was just saving him
from Flip-It.
But he was cute, right?
Sweet.
It was nice to talk to somebody
for a minute who's not...
Yeah, I know.
- One of us?
- Yeah. Who are you texting?
My shrink. He's got a tip
about a game tomorrow.
Hey, your boyfriend's looking
over here. The Flip-lt guy.
The rooms here got Toblerone candy
in the minibar.
- Bring me back one in the morning.
- Stop it. Shut up.
- Bye.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(BETH LAUGHS)
I just have to make sure
that you got home OK.
- Wait.
WOMAN'S ELEVATOR VOICE: - Going down.
(MOANING)
You should definitely, definitely
take me to your room right now.
Should we just talk about this
for one second?
- Why?
- Well, you are a little drunk.
Yeah, but it just makes me
more articulate about my feelings.
And, right now,
I have a huge amount
of sexual tension
built up inside of me,
and I think you're very, very handsome
and really nice, and...
- Can we be done talking now?
- Yeah.
- Wait, are you single?
- Oh, yeah.
FRANKIE: Bring it in! Come on, Ten!
Come on, Ten! Come on, baby! Come on!
Go! Go! Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
Come on, Ten!
Yes!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Nine to one!
Way to go, Dinky!
Way to come back
from Santa Anita! Hee-hee!
- Yeah!
- Yes!
I didn't bet it.
What?
No, but you picked the ten to win.
But then I didn't bet it.
Just get back to your phones
and stay out of my fucking bets.
The fucker!
MAN: One-point-two remaining.
They need to go
the length of the floor.
This'll be a three for the win.
(CHEERING)
- No good!
Oh, no!
Now I'm down 172.
And just for the last
five days, Scotty.
And nobody takes it seriously!
Where's Frankie?
We gotta make these runs!
- He's at Celine Dion.
(DINK LAUGHS)
On a Saturday? During the NCAA
Basketball playoffs?
That's when he's going
to Celine Dion?
During the NCAA
Basketball tournament?
Well, you told him last week
he could go.
It's the only show
he could get orchestra seats.
How many time does this guy
gotta go see Celine Dion?
Dink, maybe I should
just make the run myself.
Scotty, will you shut up?
No, we need somebody here
by 11:00, at least,
or today is a wash.
And this day was the only way I had
of making up for this week.
So, Jesus fucking Christ, God!
- Flagstaff Aaron.
- He's working for Dave the Rave.
- Call Holly.
- Oh... I don't think it's a good idea
to send Holly out
with this kind of money,
I think it actually maybe a bad idea.
Look, Dink. I can do the run
really fast, get back here...
No, no.
These lines are changing.
I need you on the phone.
Just get Holly over here.
(POP MUSIC PLAYS)
- This is baby oil.
- Yeah?
Why don't you use sunscreen?
Because it screens the sun.
OK, Holly, this is the 9,000
for the horses at Bally's.
All right.
Take this 31,000
over to the Golden Nugget
and call me
once you get over there.
Give me the line on Kentucky,
and I'll tell you where to put that.
- OK.
- All right, hurry, please.
MAN: Mr. Jazz unleashing
a furious late kick...
Get up.
MAN: Here comes Mr. Jazz
up on the outside
to take the lead
in the shadow of the wire.
- Mr. Jazz at ten to one.
- Good?
So that's plus 80, right?
What line did Holly give you
on the Kentucky game?
She hasn't called yet.
What? What are
you talking about?
She hasn't called.
I've been trying her for an hour,
and she's going straight to voice mail.
You haven't talked
to Holly for an hour
and you're just
telling me right now?
Call her back, Scotty.
- Call her back!
- Yeah, all right.
DINK: And I hope your precious
Celine Dion
chokes on a
wire coat hanger tonight.
Nothing. Sorry, man.
Still voice mail.
Dave the Rave's at Bally's.
I've been here since, like, 11:00.
I ain't seen her, Dinky.
She was here.
She was watching the game.
She bet Toronto?!
Magic, is that what you just said?
- Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God.
MAN: - I got her.
HOLLY: Oh, God...
Fucking asshole.
Come on, take it.
No, you didn't. No, you didn't!
You did not get robbed, Holly!
What you did was take
$40,000 of my money,
and go and make a bet
for yourself on Toronto.
That is what you did.
My shrink said
it was a sure thing.
(MOANING) God!
Just come back to the office.
I'm not coming to the office. (SOBBING)
Jesus, Dink. I should just
fucking off myself, I should!
Don't do that, don't do that.
Just please, come back
to the office, Holly,
and we'll work out
some kind of payment plan.
(DIAL TONE)
(FRANKIE AND SCOTT SIGH)
- Don't say it.
- I didn't say anything.
I could hear you thinkin' it.
SCOTT: Me? I wouldn't send Holly out
with money like that.
She's just not...
(GROANS)
- It's not like me or Frankie.
- Or Beth.
Yeah, you had to stay here
and watch the phones.
So, you...
...you...
...and Celine Dion,
and Beth are all fired.
So get out! Get out!
Get the fuck out!
God damn it!
- No way.
- Tulip, please.
Do you think I would even ask
for something like this
unless I really
needed it desperately?
And what do I get?
Whatever you want.
OK, I'll get Otis,
and everything else
goes in a laundry bag.
I'll be right back.
And you can really do this?
Just pick up and leave town?
Yes. That's what's so great about
living in a motel and getting fired.
If I didn't do this, I'd be crazy.
I can hear the logic rattling around
in there somewhere.
Your trip back is going to be
a lot more fun than your trip out.
Of that,
I am completely assured.
Hi. What are you doing?
I was about to check out.
Good. This place is a dump.
- Where are you moving to?
- New York City.
When'd you decide that?
About two hours ago.
I need you back.
- You were really mean to me.
- I know, I know.
I'm sorry,
it couldn't be helped.
But the way we were,
it just... wasn't going right.
We had to snap out of it,
but I need you back. Now.
And what about Tulip?
We worked it out.
We came to terms
that we could agree upon.
Unromantic terms.
For me and you, yeah.
So, why do you want me back?
How could you even ask that?
Beth, you are terrific with numbers.
You're great on the phone.
People love talking to you.
You keep your cool.
I trust you.
And you bring me good luck.
Beth, you are crucial to Dink, Inc.
Isn't that enough?
Is that a loan shark?
'Cause you can use me
as a human shield,
but I'm not sure I could take him.
No...
He's not a loan shark.
I know.
Pretty sure that's the famous Dink.
Yeah.
Not exactly what I was picturing.
So, where's Otis?
Take this.
Put it on shuffle.
I thought you were over it.
I'm over him, but not over it.
I kind of thought
it was the same thing.
Yeah, I did, too.
But I just found out that it's not.
I'm sorry, Jeremy.
Well...
- Call me sometime?
- I will.
I will.
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
(ENGINE REVVING)
Is she mad at me?
No. Not allowed to be.
What do you mean,
that was part of the deal
for me coming back to work,
she can't be mad at me?
Yeah, sort of.
So what does she get in the deal?
Jesus, how do you know these things?
A shopping spree?
I wish. A face lift.
- Whoa!
- Whoa.
I must really mean a lot to you.
I missed you.
Say you missed me, too.
I missed you, too.
We're friends, right?
Whatever.
I got to stop by and drop off
Jyrki's hamster food at the house.
Go upstairs and say hi.
It's important.
- OK.
- Be nice.
Yeah.
(GASPS)
Do not fuck my husband.
OK.
He says you're good luck.
He told me he doesn't
really think you're a jinx.
The bag of frozen peas
in the cooler.
Stick it on my face.
(MOANING)
BETH: - Sorry.
Bethy!
- Did you miss me, sweet stuff?
- Yes.
Hey, kid. Welcome back.
Welcome back.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Five dimes on Miss Israel,
and she can't make the top ten?
It's so good that you're back
because things have just not been...
...good.
Hey! What the fuck
are you doing here?
Uh... I live here.
That's what the fuck I'm doing here.
- Where should I be?
- I don't know.
Taking your clothes off somewhere
until you pay Dink back?
Dink and I will work it out.
What? So you're just cool
with stealing his money from him?
And you're just cool
trying to steal him from Tulip?
Hey, that's not the same thing.
Oh, you got that right.
Come on, Beth.
It's all good.
We all got away from some kind
of fucking bullshit some place.
And we all came here because
this is where you get a break.
But sometimes,
you got to give one, too.
Take a penny, leave a penny.
Know what I mean?
I mean, you want to hold people
to a higher standard?
I'd first take a look in the mirror.
Next thing I'd do
is move someplace else.
You stay here?
You're one of us.
Have a great day, honey.
I spent the whole day,
the whole day with a 103 fever!
Now, and then KC, I gotta lose
on a fumble? Are you kidding me?
Are you kidding me right now?
On a fumble?
I lose on a fumble at KC?
Sunday! All day Sunday.
Sunday night I wanted to kill myself,
I swear to God.
And now they gotta take this game.
We are officially on damage control
conditions right now!
- I, I...
- You what?
You what? You what?
You were supposed to bring me luck.
That's what you were
supposed to bring back.
Like the cat that came back,
but you didn't.
- You just brought me bad luck.
- Come on, it was one bet.
Just one bet?
Oh, is that what it was?
- Yeah, it was just one bet!
- What do you know about gambling?
Do you think you understand
how this works?
How my business works?
You don't. Get out!
Just get out! Get, get out!
Help her out. You, too. Get out!
You, too. Scott!
Get out! Get out! Hurry up!
Get your fucking bag!
- Get out! Get out!
- OK, we're going!
Scott, go! Please! Get out!
Oh, my God, what was that?
He's been firing everybody
every couple of days.
- Only lasts an hour or two.
- Why is he being like this?
- It's like he's not Dink.
- That is Dink. That is Dink losing.
Bad, like he could be headed
towards a broke
if he doesn't pull out
of this debt spiral.
Well, what do we do?
How do we help him?
There's nothing
we can do for him.
What do you mean? What are we
going to do if he goes broke?
Go to work for somebody else.
Take it easy, Beth.
BETH: Take it easy?
This happens at some point
and lots of points to everybody.
You should know that by now.
- This is gambling.
- They call this gambling for a reason.
Yeah, I just... I didn't think...
Didn't think what?
That it'd happen to Dink?
SCOTT: Yeah, it happens to the good
guys, too. Maybe more, even.
- If anything, you come back.
- Hell, yeah.
And that's the best feeling
in the world, man.
- Let's grab a date shake.
- All right.
You're buying, though,
you cheap bastard.
You were supposed to bring it back.
Bring what back?
Your luck?
I can't do that.
It's not my responsibility.
So you're just going to leave me now
when I'm falling apart?
Well, I can't stay here
when you're like this. It's too...
...depressing.
You are a very selfish person.
What?
Hey, what do you want me to do?
What do you want me to do?
Take it.
I accept your resignation.
It's been nice knowing you.
Bye, Beth.
Hey Dink, you sure you want to be
giving away money right now?
Just get out.
If you want to quit,
that's fine. OK?
Just don't go do one of your stupid
hustles for money.
- Mm-hm.
- Just go do something.
Are you done?
Cashing them all in, yeah?
(RINGING)
Well, hello.
Um, hi.
It's Beth. From Las Vegas.
(LAUGHS) Yeah, I know who Beth is.
If I came to New York...
...would you hang out with me?
I mean, there are people with MBAs
waiting tables at the Olive Garden.
What is someone going
to hire me to do?
How did you finagle
getting your job?
Well, it wasn't exactly
a finagling kind of thing.
Well then, what was it?
It's what I've always done.
I went to journalism school,
I interned, and I got a job.
(GROANS)
- What...? (GROANS)
I don't understand why
that sounds so crazy to you.
It's not crazy.
I just wish that I had a path,
like you do, you know?
You're lucky.
Look, you just got out
of a shitty situation.
- You got fired...
- I didn't get fired.
- You quit.
- I don't know what happened.
I gotta say,
I don't want to be around him
if he can be like that.
I don't want to see him like that.
Gamblers.
- I'm sorry.
- Sorry for what?
For bitching and moaning.
I'll find something to do.
Six months ago, all I wanted to do
was be a cocktail waitress.
And now you want something more.
That's a good thing, right?
Yes, definitely.
You're so... great, Jeremy.
Let's just focus on you and me...
...having a really good time.
I fucking love that plan.
(MAN SHOUTING)
MAN: Come on! Come on!
Up top!
MAN: You want to get on her!
- Yes!
MAN: - Good shot!
Hey, good game, man.
You're like Spud Webb out there.
- You play ball?
- Uh-huh.
Junior college,
I had a scholarship, but I lost it.
You play for St. John's?
Yep, class of '87.
They're playing tonight.
Man, I'd lay some big money
on that game
if I could find that action.
They are a lock.
Really? You like to bet?
On anything that moves.
Hi, I'm Beth.
Dave Greenberg.
Beth.
ROSIE: I am not religious,
and I don't want to speculate
on what kind
of chosen person I am,
or what kind of power center
is inside of me.
But the truth is the truth,
I needed you and you came.
- OK...
- This is temporary right here.
I have a much more permanent,
more epic situation
that is in the works.
But I'm not at liberty
to discuss it right now.
So, for God's sakes,
do not ask me about it.
So, now, Beth. How do you suggest
I re-imagine my vortex
in a way that indispensably
includes you.
Well, I'm good on the phone
and I like going on pay and collects.
(PHONE RINGS)
- Hey. Yo, Gids.
Why not? I'll give you six points.
Later, fool.
Pay and collects,
some phone, I like it.
I like where this is going.
Yes. How's 40 an hour to start?
Oh, great.
Didn't you just make a bet?
- Yes.
- So aren't you going to write it down?
Oh.
I can see there's something
that you're thinking,
but then not saying.
Yeah. Well, there's this guy I know,
and he likes to bet like crazy,
and he can't find any action,
and he has friends
who want to get down, too.
And I thought maybe
I could put them onto you?
I mean, they seem ready to bet,
like, a lot.
- Fine, great. You agent it.
(LAUGHS) Me, really?
This'll be a nice thing
on the side for you.
Whatever he loses,
I'll give you 25 percent,
but these guys are
your responsibility.
Oh, my God, this is great.
Beth, dude. Your initiative,
it is impressive.
Yes.
You started working for me,
before you started working for me.
That is unprecedented.
You're like a hungry woman
lion on the prowl,
but you listen to things,
and you smell everything.
Look at this line here on Boston.
I'm going to savage this right now.
Rosie, 651.
Take me 200K Boston...
Right motherfucking now!
Thank you. Bang!
So, anyway... What?
Well, you just made a bet
for $200,000
in the middle of our conversation.
- And is there a problem?
- No, but you do not bet like Dink.
Listen, I mean no disrespect.
Dink is a famous classic.
He is a hero of mine.
He is the '57 Chevy of gambling.
But, all modesty aside,
I am the Ferrari.
Or if Ferrari made a super fast tank
with laser blasters sticking out,
I would be that of gambling!
We are done for today.
This should be
in the vicinity of 6,000.
A signing bonus,
some clothes, some food.
I don't want you with the stress.
And it's so exciting.
Do you have any idea
how big Rosie's bets are?
It's New York,
where gambling is illegal
and bookmaking is a felony.
You know, because of you
I'm finally good at something,
but I can't do it in Las Vegas
because you banned me.
If Rosie is taking action
across state lines,
which of course he is doing,
then you are opening yourself up
to a conspiracy,
and that's a slam dunk for RICO.
Does that sound familiar?
Does that sound
like anybody you know?
- You're jealous of Rosie.
- Beth!
When you go to jail,
it will not be my fault. OK?
(LAUGHS) You sound like your mother.
- Goodbye.
- Oh, come on!
(GRUNTS)
Hi, Dave.
So, how about
that Philly game last night?
You must be happy
to see me, huh?
- What?
MAN: - Thanks a lot.
(GROANS)
- What?
What? Dave, you're actually
making us look kind of suspicious.
Well, excuse me, Miss Mata Hari,
for not wanting to receive
illegal cash in front of cops.
My car's over here.
Come on.
Dave Greenberg's a prick.
And he never loses.
I like it when they keep winning.
That means when they lose,
they lose huge.
Rosie, do you ever worry
about getting caught
by the police or the FBI?
Eh, never happen.
We're too cautious.
- You're not cautious.
- Well, we're semi-cautious.
No, you're not.
Rosie, you play Guitar Hero
with the delivery guys
while you take bets on the phone.
You left our
"who owes who what" cheats
in a booth at the Sizzler.
Everybody knows you're a bookie.
I do not like having
these kinds of conversations.
And, Beth, I think you know that.
And, besides, as far as
what is legal or not legal,
it's about to become a moot point,
but I will not talk about that.
Because that...
that is a secret!
Tell me.
OK, the Curacao thing
is getting very real.
My license, it just came through
down there.
I have an investor
that may cover the setup.
My sports book shall be called ASAP!
All Serious Action Players!
Completely legal.
- Oh, that's incredible.
- Look at the eight horse.
Where the heck did she come from?
She's going to mess up my Perfecta.
Curacao, that's a beautiful island
in the Caribbean, right?
- It's a beautiful, legit island.
- Oh, God!
ROSIE: Fucking Ruby Lane.
- Come on!
- You got it! You got it!
FRANKIE: - Yes!
SCOTT: - There it goes!
FRANKIE: - Yes! Yes!
Oh, yes!
(SHOUTING, LAUGHING)
- Yes! Yes!
- How did you do that?
How'd you pick the eight horse to win?
She looked like absolute shit to me.
That was like sorcery,
and yesterday it was Cleveland.
You're back. You are back.
Two weeks ago,
she looked like a mess.
But I thought she was starting to get
her head around the whole thing.
Ruby Lane, Ruby Lane.
Ruby Lane...
What does Dink think?
Well, I'm not really talking
to Dink right now.
Beth, you made a lot of money
in the last couple of months.
Why don't you just
stay here with me?
And do what?
Continue to have
the completely fantastic time
we've been having together.
Look, Jeremy,
I don't think you realize
what a huge deal
this Curacao thing is for me.
I mean, I'm going to actually
be in charge of something.
Something that's going
to take you someplace else.
Yeah, but I'll come back.
I'll miss you.
- So, what about...?
- Otis. I know.
I have to find somewhere
for him to stay.
I'll take care of Otis. I don't
want him to stay with strangers.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Oh, my God, that would be great.
He loves you.
- You know that, right?
- And I love him.
Aw... (LAUGHS)
Otis, you lucky dog.
Now my only problem is finding
someone to do my pay and collects.
Hey. You could do that, too.
- Me?
- Yeah.
You can keep my cut and feed Otis,
and we're even.
It's easy money.
I'll talk you through the whole thing.
BETH: Hi, Dave.
This is Jeremy...
Bye.
So, what's your number?
I'm gonna have a plain burger.
No bun, no sauce,
no nothing on it.
I know.
It had some barbecue sauce
on it last time,
and I really don't want
to go through that again.
So a very plain burger
and nothing else,
and a regular Coke.
- Got it.
- Thanks.
- Stomach?
- Oh, yeah.
Why? What's on your mind?
You're doing so good.
Yeah, yeah. I'm just
a little worried about Beth.
Dink.
She's working for that maniac
Rosie in New York.
I blew up at her, and now
she's not calling me back.
Look, I wasn't going to say anything,
but do you notice
when Beth is around,
you were doing a lot of losing.
And now that she's gone,
you're doing really good.
Hey, if anyone's the jinx,
it's Beth.
But I owe her.
Owe her for what?
I owe her for messing everything up.
I usually just think about
how much money I could've made
if I'd just focused just a little bit
more when I was younger.
And I usually give myself
a hard time about it.
But now, I'm looking at all the things
that I got to do instead.
I got to be with you.
And it's not like I don't appreciate you
on a daily basis, because I do.
But for the first time
since our wedding,
I look at my situation,
and I'm looking at it
from an oddsmaker's perspective.
And I am a really lucky guy.
And to be honest, a big part of that
is because of Beth.
DINK: Hey, how you doing?
I wanted to say hi.
And tell you that
I hope you don't think
that we're in some kind of fight
because I don't think that.
And just wanted to call...
...and I wanted to see
how you're doing.
Give me a shout
if you have a minute.
And I also wanted you to know
that I'm not mad
that you're working for Rosie
in New York.
So that's about it.
Call me, I'm at the office,
and I hope you're OK
and having fun.
OK, bye.
(PHONE RINGS)
- Hello, ASAP?
- Hello, sport?
(PHONES RINGING)
(HIP-HOP PLAYS)
Can you turn the music off?
There are phones ringing,
and you're playing video games
and... What? Doing coke?!
Oh, my God,
what are they doing here?
All the plumbing at their place
is backing up.
So you thought you'd move them
out of the brothel and into here?
If you think about it
for two seconds, Beth,
you'll see this saves time
and money for everybody.
BETH: Hey! Where've you been
for four days?
Bethy, I have been in love.
What is wrong with me?
Why is it that all of my dreams
come true?
Look at this line here on Cleveland.
This is terrible.
Who made this line?
Bah Bah made it. Look, Rosie,
when you disappear,
these fucking assholes
you brought down here
just make shitty lines, do coke,
have sex with 17-year-olds,
and steal from you.
Easy. Beth, these are my friends.
Rosie, this was your big move.
The only important thing you've
ever done in your whole life,
and you're letting it
fucking disintegrate!
What is wrong with you?
Beth, you are the gum
that holds this all together.
You put up with a lot
and you deserve respect for that.
I'm giving a raise to $5,000 a week,
effective last week.
But just do not tell anybody.
All right, check on Motown!
Check on the Cuban!
Somebody call HBC
and give 20 dimes to...
Fuck! We're getting buried
on this game!
Hello?
JEREMY: Did you know
that Otis runs in his sleep?
(LAUGHS) Yes.
Jeremy, how are you?
I miss you.
- You miss me?
BETH: - Of course I do.
Can you tell me
something normal?
Sure, like what?
I don't know, about your day?
Anything?
Have you checked
Greenberg's bets lately?
No.
He and his friends are losing finally.
And big time,
like 75 grand worth.
Really? That's nice.
I can't get any of those guys
on the phone, though.
You're their only action
and they're idiot addicts.
They'll call.
(SHOUTING, LAUGHING)
BETH: I gotta go.
Rosie's friends are
destroying the place.
Don't worry about Greenberg.
- One-forty-six, 152, 155 total.
(REGGAE MUSIC PLAYS)
(PHONE RINGS)
BETH: - Other scores are coming in,
so let's lower the total,
under seven and a half minus 15.
Minus 13. No, leave it
just at seven and a half flat.
(PHONE RINGING)
Rosie, can you turn it down?!
I can't Beth. This song
is the rhythm of victory!
Don't let the rhythm
not get you and move!
DAVE: Beth, Dave Greenberg here.
We got a problem.
I got into some trouble
a couple of years ago.
It's a long story,
but my parole officer called me in,
and he wants to know about you
and who's running your office.
Now, don't worry,
I didn't give you up,
but this is a fucking mess.
He's got all the numbers
from my phone,
including yours and Jeremy's.
So, if he calls... just play dumb.
But whatever you do, don't call me.
I'll call you.
It's not a big deal.
The Seattle game's about to start.
Why don't you go upstairs?
It's...
My life is over,
even if I don't go to jail.
If I get arrested
on a felony charge,
I am done forever as a journalist.
I'm 98 percent sure
that Dave Greenberg is lying.
He just doesn't want to pay,
or he can't pay.
If Dave Greenberg
has a parole officer,
it does seem plausible that he would
want to know who Dave's bookie is,
and that Dave would tell him.
Look! I'm going to...
I'm going to call Dink.
Wait, what?
You're going to call Dink?
You said you haven't
been talking to him.
I haven't.
But I'll just... call him.
- I'll call you back.
- No, no! No.
Do not call me back.
I am at a payphone.
Do not call my phone from Curacao,
the gambling mecca
of the Caribbean!
No, no. It's not not a big deal.
That's just Rosie saying that,
so you'll forget about it
and go back to work.
Look, I'm sorry
that I abandoned you.
Now will you please calm down
and talk to me.
I appreciate your apology.
But I want you to know
this is a very serious situation, OK?
You have a felon,
the parole, the FBI...
I've seen things go down
just like this in the past,
and I'm not just talking
about my circumstances, OK?
This is a very big problem.
How is it down there?
What the heck's going on?
I'm earning $5,000 a week.
Beth, you never cared about money.
I thought you went down there
because it's paradise.
Is it paradise?
(SOBBING) No.
- Don't cry.
Don't cry, just...
Listen to me, Beth. You are
the book in this New York thing.
You have got to
take care of your people.
Your decisions are no longer
just about you anymore.
You have to handle this.
(SOBBING) But I don't know
how to handle it.
Yes, you do, or you will.
Hold on one second.
TULIP: - Hey, Beth?
(SOBS)
TULIP: Look, it's Dink's
mom's birthday on Thursday.
She was going to come out to Vegas,
but she... she hates flying.
So, if we come out to New York,
she doesn't have to come out here
for her birthday,
which she'd love, right, honey?
Yeah.
We could meet you there.
You'd... You'd help me?
Yes, we'll help you help Jeremy.
Hey, you know when you don't
need to be taken care of anymore?
It's when you decide to start
taking care of someone else.
You still there, Beth?
Beth, you're being crazy.
It's 75,000 grand
this idiot Greenberg owes me.
Who cares? I need you here.
I forgive you the Greenberg.
A clean slate,
you owe me nothing.
- But you have to stay.
- It's not about the money.
Well, what's it about?
Jerry, the non-boyfriend?
Jeremy may be in huge trouble
because of me.
He chose to do something
not completely legal
in the state of New York.
- You didn't force him to do that!
- Yeah, well, he did it for me!
Come on, Beth!
People do things for themselves.
Yeah, what about saints
and famously selfless people?
They do things so people think
that they're saints or selfless people.
People do things for themselves.
Being nice,
that's just another racket!
Now, listen to me, Beth.
I forgive the 75,000
as long as you stay.
What does that mean?
It means if you stay,
you're Beth. My Beth.
And all is forgiven.
But if you leave,
well, then you're just another
New York agent
on the hook for her losers' losses.
Fuck you, Rosie!
No, actually, Beth.
Fuck you!
All of your pay
is in the ASAP account.
Which means, I have it!
It's like, what is it?
Is it 60,000, give or take?
So you're just going
to steal my money from me?
Of course not.
I'm going to hold on to it
as collateral for your losers' losses.
You wanna go to New York? Fine.
Give me my Greenberg money!
Then you get your Beth money!
You know, I am going
to deal with it.
And then I'm going
to come back to you,
and then I am going to...
...stab you in the groin artery
with a steak knife
and watch TV while you bleed out,
you fucking horrible person!
- Come on, let's go.
- Whoa, Beth!
I think everyone is saying things here
that they don't mean, except for me!
Beth, you are being very selfish!
WOMAN: - Safe flight, ma'am.
BETH: - Thank you.
DINK: - Watch your step.
TULIP: - I got it, honey.
(PHONE RINGS)
- Hey.
- We're on the red-eye.
Does she know
where the guy lives?
Do you know where
Dave Greenberg lives?
I don't know, but he has to watch
New Jersey games at his cousin's bar.
They play tomorrow night.
He'll be there.
DINK: We'll see you
at the airport, Beth.
All right. OK.
BETH: - Hey.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Bethy.
Hey.
There's 8,000 David Greenbergs
in Long Island.
That's the name he's listed under,
if he's listed at all.
Why? Why would you
put all your money
into an account
that Rosie controls?
FRANKIE: No shit, why?
BETH: Well, because it was earning
11 percent interest.
TULIP: Wow.
Well, that's a good reason.
- You must be Dink.
- Yeah. Jeremy, have a seat.
He's cute.
I'm sure you have a lot
on your mind right now, but...
...try not to worry.
Why are you doing this?
We're just here visiting family.
You already got a felony conviction.
If this thing doesn't go down nicely
and you're anywhere nearby,
you're going to go to prison
for a lot longer than we would.
Well, then let's just stop.
Let's just give up, right now.
Anyway, we can't even
find Dave Greenberg...
I know where Greenberg is.
- What?
- You do? Let me see, let me see.
Massa-fucking-pequa?
How did you...?
I have access
to a government Web site at work,
and I can get in a lot of trouble
for showing you this,
but that's Greenberg.
It's everything. It's his home address,
property records,
employment records, phone numbers,
family, everything.
I can never lay a hand
on this douche
because of my personal relationship
with God,
but I know two guys
about four stops from here
who'll come and threaten
to saw his feet off for $900.
Yes.
If you're seriously considering
doing something like that,
I'm going to take the file and leave.
- Why, is he some kind of cop?
- No, he's a reporter.
Greenberg has a felony conviction.
And he's on parole.
That's very bad.
We can't go anywhere near this guy.
And, if he's working with the Feds,
we can't even walk on his lawn
without getting in trouble.
Thank you very much.
You can keep the change.
We have to go back to the hotel.
You've got to call this guy
on the phone.
It's the only choice we have.
Come on.
You are going to have to talk hard
to these people.
Yeah, I know.
And you don't appreciate
the parole officer,
"Don't call me,
I'll call you" bullshit.
I know.
And whether or not
his phone is tapped,
or not tapped,
you could care less...
I know, I know.
DINK: Where are you going?
Will you make sure
that I stay assertive?
Sure. I didn't expect Jeremy
to be such a normal guy.
I know, he's my first.
Do you think that's why I brought him
on the brink of federal prison?
Maybe.
Look, between Frankie and Dink,
it'll get handled, OK?
I'm the only one who can deal
with Dave Greenberg.
(CHILDREN SHOUTING)
Dave!
It's Beth.
Beth, you're calling me at home.
You know, we're having
my son's birthday party here.
What you're doing is
the most scumbag fucking thing
you can do in this business.
You and your buddies
win five weeks in a row
and get paid
the exact amount, on time,
and now,
the first time you lose,
you turn your cell phones off?
I'll call you back in five minutes.
Four minutes!
Get off the money thing.
Get back on the Fed thing,
it's the only thing
we really care about.
He's scared. I can taste it.
I'm going to make him
more scared of me than the Feds.
I got this.
(PHONE RINGS)
- Dave.
- Beth.
My phone lines are still tapped.
I'm calling you
from the neighbors.
Dave, stop lying to me right now.
I don't believe a word
that's coming out of your mouth.
You owe me $75,000.
Hey!
Hey, I owe you ten grand.
Whatever the other guys lost,
whatever they're not paying you,
I am not responsible.
If you want,
I'll give you their numbers.
Oh, I have all the numbers I need,
Dave.
I have your boss's phone number,
I have your sister's phone number,
I have your wife's parents' numbers
in Great Neck.
And if you don't stop
fucking with me,
I will call each one of them and tell
them what a degenerate you are.
Christ, where do you get off
calling me a degenerate?
Dave, Dave, you think
I'm just some idiot
running around the street all day,
handing out thousands of dollars
in credit limits?
Is that what you
fucking think I am?!
You don't think
that I work for someone?
Someone who can find out
anything about you,
do anything to you.
Do you really want to play that guy?
Dave, it's because of me
that you can still walk right now.
Beth, I told you.
I have a parole officer that is on...
Even if you do have a parole officer,
he is not my problem.
I don't think you get
what's going on here.
Dave, listen to me.
Look me in the eye over the phone.
You're an adult.
And you make decisions.
And those decisions
have consequences
for you and for people around you.
When you put your money down,
you cannot pick and choose
which of your bets count
and which ones don't.
'Cause all of your bets are yours.
All of them.
Win or lose.
Dave?
(SOBBING)
STAMMERS: You're right.
You're right, but I can't...
I can't pay.
I don't have the money.
He's crying. I feel bad.
WHISPERS: No. Go, go, go, go...
Dave, be completely honest with me
about the Fed thing
and the parole officer
right now...
...and I will knock
ten grand off the debt.
This is a one-time-only offer.
DAVE: I have a parole officer.
That's the truth.
But he doesn't know
anything about you.
That Fed thing, that's bullshit.
That's what I thought. OK.
So, now we're done with the games
and you only owe me $65,000.
So, how are we going
to work this out?
Do I have to call all your relatives
or have somebody come and punch
a fucking sunroof into your head?
Whoa, whoa, whoa...
The only way you're going
to get your money
is if you reopen my account.
I want to take New Jersey tonight
to win for 20 grand. It is a lock.
Now, if I win, that's 40 grand
and you can have all of it.
Take it or leave it.
DINK: - What?
- Please hold.
What are you doing?
Just let it go. It's Rosie's money.
No, no, no. Look, if I don't
get Rosie his money,
he won't give me my money.
If I hang up now,
I lose everything.
If Dave loses,
I still lose everything.
But if Dave wins...
I see your logic,
but New Jersey?
New Jersey...
Wait, if Dave wins,
will Rosie give me my money?
Yeah. Rosie's a scumbag,
he's not a thief.
OK, I'll do it.
If I can put you down for 40,000,
that way you win 80,
and we're even.
(LAUGHS) If I win, that makes me up 15.
I don't think
you're very good at math.
Oh no, I'm good at math.
And I'm even better
at dealing with degenerates.
That 15 grand goes to me for putting
up with your amateur bullshit.
And you're in the clear.
Take it or leave it.
I'll take it.
New Jersey.
MAN: New Jersey
desperately trying to hang on
for the upset win over Los Angeles.
Ninety-six, 95!
New Jersey has to play
better defense.
For New Jersey, they have
played hard all night long!
Now their lead down to one,
and it is gone...
They scored again! I can't believe this!
You're kidding me!
(GROANS)
I can't take this.
MAN: Again,
a lack of defense transition.
You've got to slow down
the basketball.
Los Angeles with a 97-96 lead
over New Jersey!
What are you doing?
Come back and watch!
This is the part I just can't watch.
I'd rather sit alone
in a dark room for three hours
with the phone off after a game.
Yeah, when you have money on it.
- You have money on this game?
- Mm-hm.
You bet against me?
No. Bet 70 grand on New Jersey
to win the game outright.
- Who with?
- Rosie.
- Oh, my God...
- My God...
Why would you do that?
Why?
I don't know.
You can't bet sentimentally.
You taught me that.
MAN: Here you see Reedmore
in the act get stripped.
They'll put him at the free-throw line,
and two made free throws
can win this game for New Jersey.
Reedmore just got fouled!
Come on! Come on, come on!
Come on!
MAN: ...to be making the play
late in the game.
Come on, we've got
to watch this now.
Come on, come on.
Watch.
Look, he's gonna get this in.
Reedmore sucks. I just want you
to be prepared if he doesn't...
- Watch, watch...
- ...make it.
MAN: ...and at least
try and force overtime.
Reedmore's first...
ALL: - Yes!
- I knew it! Yes!
MAN: New Jersey, they've had
such a difficult year...
OK, OK, now make
the second one.
- I'm going to go sit down.
- No. Dink, you stay here.
They're going to make both.
You've got to protect yourself.
BETH: No, I know he's going to make it.
- I know.
DINK: - Can't think like that.
Because I deserve this.
- Can't think like that.
- Dink. I have to think like that.
MAN: The chance to put them
on his shoulders and win it.
To cap off this miraculous upset,
New Jersey playing from in front.
Wait for it.
We're doomed.
(ALL CHEERING)
(AUDIO FADES, MID-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS)
MAN: - One, two, three.
WOMAN:  Well, I heard
About the girl
you've been dancing with
All over the neighborhood
Tell me why didn't you ask me, baby
Or didn't you think I could?
Well, I know that your partner
won't step aside
I've seen you do the jerk all night
Why didn't you ask me, baby?
I would have shown you
how to do it right
Yeah, do it right
Uh-huh, do it right
Twisting, shaking
shaking, shaking, shaking
Baby
Here we go, loop-de-loop
Shake it up, baby
Here we go, loop-de-la
Bend over, let me see you
shake a tail feather
Come on, let me see you
Oh
Come on, shake it now, baby
Come on
Shake it up, baby, oh
Do the bird
Let me see you do the monkey
Do the watusi
Oh, the mony-maroney
Oh, do the swim
Yeah, let me
see you do the swim
Oh, mashed potato
Yeah, let me see you do the swim
Oh, yeah, come on
Shake it, shake it
shake it, shake it, baby
Oh, yeah, shake it
Let me see you shake it, baby
Yeah
Oh, twist it
Shake it, shake it
shake it, shake it, baby
Oh, twist it
Shake it, shake it
shake it, shake it, baby
Oh, twist it
Shake it, shake it
shake it, shake it, baby
Oh, twist it
Shake it, shake it
shake it, shake it, baby
Yeah, oh
Yeah
Yeah!
(APPLAUSE)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org